♪ Sepertinya saya menemui bahawa ♪
♪ sehari-hari dipenuhi nguapan ini ♪
♪ dan menjadikannya sebuah filem ♪
♪ Helah dah rahsianya sudah pun diketahui ♪
♪ Kita tidak seperfahaman di bawah langit ini ♪
♪ Hati ini ditutup dan dikunci ♪
♪ Begitulah meneruskan hidup ini sehari-hari ♪
♪ Melodinya mula saling bertindih ♪
♪ Hadirlah petanda meski sekecil apapun ♪
♪ Mampu menemui yang lebih baik
dari lampu jalanan ini ♪
♪ Meletakkan reben pada
setiap pandangan yang menarik ♪
♪ Berterusan mengutipnya seolah
cenderamata sambil jalan menuju rumah ♪
♪ Musim menyapa,
dan berlalu sambil tangisan mengalir ♪
♪ Di mana perlu bualkan tentang jalan
pulang yang awak berikan ini? ♪
♪ Saya terus berjalan
dan ada kalanya berlari
untuk berjumpa dengan awak ♪
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
♪ Saya berlari-lari
dan berhenti lalu berjalan
untuk berjumpa dengan awak ♪
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
(Misi:15 Keluarga Baru)
Berjaya gigit?!
Meletuplah kau!
Apakah...?!
Bomnya dalam sungai?
Menterinya..?
Maaflah.
Duduk sini dahulu,
nanti saya lepaskan.
Mustahil orang tua itu...
Tidak!
Siapakah dia?
Kenapa orang lain?
Rancangannya gagal?
Tak guna!
Ianya dah tamat.
Awak tak akan lari
dengan kereta itu juga.
Rancangan awak sudah pun gagal.
Anya-San!
Adakah dia kembali ke
kedai haiwan yang tadi?
Cukup mustahil tapi bahaya jika
dia jumpa pengganasnya lagi.
Perlu cepat cari dia!
Itu...!
Jangan harap terlepas selepas
apa yang awak buat pada Anya-San!
Huh?! Ada orang terjun?!
Ke tepilah!
Hello, ini encik polis?
Saya menemui pengganas yang alami kemalangan
kereta di lorong belakang Taman Bandar.
Sila tahannya dengan segera.
Tidak. Saya sekadar suri rumah
yang melaporkannya tadi.
Terima kasih.
Anya-San!
Apapun,
ianya cukup menyusahkan.
Habis cedera sana-sini.
Syukur saja ia tamat
tanpa sebarang kekecohan.
Mari biarkan kerajaan di sini
menyelesaikan selebihnya.
Kita pulangkan anjing ini pada mereka?
Rasanya tak perlu.
Mari simpannya di sini
sehingga arahan selanjutnya.
Masih banyak persoalan tentang mereka.
Baiklah, sampai di sini saja.
Saya perlu kembali ke
keluarga saya secepat mungkin.
Hati-hati.
Oh...
Apa yang awak dua buat di sini?
Bukankah pergi ke Hari Adopsi?
Saya balik ke sini kerana
risau papa lama di tandas.
Saya kejar dia kerana risaukan awak.
Jadi... anjing itu?
Itu yang berlaku.
Tak sangka pergi mencari haiwan belaannya.
Tak sangka mereka terlibat
dalam kejadian tersebut.
Salah saya bertapa dalam jamban.
Pasti awak sakit perut sebab
masakan saya waktu sarapan tadi!
Saya pun minta maaf.
Sheesh, Awak sekali...!
Papa dah cakap jangan
merayau sendirian, kan!
Maafkan saya!
Are you okay?
This doggy saved me.
So that means this dog is
also a product of Project Apple...
If that's the case,
we can't just set it free.
Thank you for saving my daughter.
Excuse me.
We're from the Security Service.
We'd like to ask a few questions
regarding the incident in the Central Area.
Do you have a minute?
I see.
Then it seems safe to assume that
the dog was also trained by the terrorists.
We'll take care of it.
Please do.
Incidentally,
in view of the situation in the East
and West, this case will not be made public,
so be sure to keep this to yourselves.
We thank you for your cooperation.
Now that things have settled down,
let's go back to looking for a pet dog.
Sure. All right, Anya...
No!
Anya wants this doggy!
What are you...
Anya wants to keep this doggy!
No, you can't.
That dog belonged to the bad gu...
He saved Anya, so no!
You said yourself
that you wanted a small dog, right?
Anya wants this doggy!
Anya loves this big doggy!
Stop being selfish!
If we can't keep this doggy, Anya will leave
the house and stop coming to school!
Wh-What are you talking about?!
Why bring school into this?!
- It's okay, Anya...
- Sheesh... Anya...
All right, fine.
Hand... Ma'am?!
A-Are you sure?
Well, it won't matter
if one dog goes missing.
All the terrorists have been arrested,
and the dogs themselves are harmless.
Hey!
If she keeps sulking,
it'll jeopardize Operation Strix.
Gotta bite the bullet.
Well, yeah, but...
Put the dog under your observation
and keep it under tight control.
We have other dogs for our
investigations, so no problem.
You're trying to add
more work to my pile...?
There were a lot of doggies,
but will they be hurt by the police?
Don't worry, miss.
We will treat the dogs politely.
We will also prepare warm beds
and good food for them.
These dogs have probably been
through hard times.
So please treat him with kindness.
Be sure to look after him.
Promise me, okay?
Thank you...
Madam in suit...
She's a nice girl, huh?
You don't know what I've been through...
Yes, I do.
I once had a daughter of her age.
Good for you Anya, Doggy!
Glad to see it's so peaceful today.
Right...
For now, we'll take the dog with us
to check for any diseases.
If there's no problem, we'll deliver it
to your house by tomorrow.
All right.
Let's go home now, shall we?
Sure. It feels like a long day,
I'm so tired.
It's a field trip all the way back home.
We can't let our guard down.
Did they teach you that at school?
It's not a field trip.
Don't worry, Anya.
The case is solved now.
Hehehe... I've defeated the bad guys...
...and kept the peace
of my country, unobserved!
It's thanks to me that
Father could stop the bomb!
I've saved the world!
Huh... We barely averted tension
between East and West...
But I'm beat... My stomach aches...
Hehehe...
Ehe~
Huh...
Next on today's news.
- Yesterday, two traffic accidents happened...
- Where's the doggy?
- ...in the city.
Where's the doggy?
Calm down. They'll be here soon.
Just sit down and watch the TV.
Good evening.
Doggy!
We'll leave him in your care, then.
He must be wondering where he is.
Welcome to Anya's house, Doggy!
This is your house too from today!
Except that we need
a proper name to call him.
Name...
Number Eight.
Come out.
Time for your meds.
Hey, stay still!
Here's your snack.
Be grateful and eat it.
Increase the voltage.
But it's already...
Do it. We can always replace a dead dog.
What happened?
Is he nervous? Want a snack?
Make yourself at home!
You're a Forger now!
Negotiations on disarmament
have started well...
...into their second day of the meeting,
which began last night, and...
Anya has helped defeat
the bad guys, but no stars?
No. We have to keep this a secret...
...so that the East and the West
don't fight each other.
Don't talk about it at school too, okay?
You'll be caught by the police,
and won't be able to go home anymore.
Even though we've saved
the world together...
Come on, you'll be late, Anya.
If I can't get a star from this, then...
There's only the Friendship Scheme!
I'll go to the second son's house
and make Father's mission a success!
What?! You have a dog?!
We should compare its size with my dog's!
Come to my house!
Hehehe... I'll save the world
as many times as needed!
Morning, Anya.
Mornrning.
Oh, thank goodness
her Starlight Anya boom has subsided.
Look, Becky.
Hm?
A dog has appeared in Anya's house too.
Really?! What does it look like?!
What breed?!
The white one.
How old is it?
Dunno. He's big.
I wonder which one is cuter,
my Wiesel or your dog?
It'll be nice if they can play together.
She responded!
Hey, maybe I should come visit your...
Hey!
What do you want?
Anya has a dog now.
So what?
The world... is over now...
Kicking a commoner to the curb...
Way to go, Master Damian!
Huh? Was that really evil of me?
I didn't knew you were capable of that!
It must be a dirty mongrel anyway, right?
What's... the name?
Huh?
Name...
Right. I'm asking you for once.
Dog...
You're not qualified to own a dog.
I regret asking that.
Huh? How to decide the name?
Hmm... I guess you can use cute
foods or flowers as reference?
Foods... Peanuts?
He's a big dog, isn't he?
Wouldn't naming him Peanuts feel weird?
It's important to get the
right impression from the looks.
Looks...
White hair...
Uhh...
You should let your papa
or mama decide that for you...
Does Anya have no taste...?
Father! Mother! Anya's back!
Welcome back!
Getting along already, aren't you two?
Help me! He's going to eat me!
Let's take him for a walk, shall we?
A walk!
There's a dog park near the library!
Woof, woof, woof!
Father, Anya wants to pull the rope too!
It's still too early for you.
He'll drag you with him.
Even though he's trained,
we still need to discipline him.
You have a lot to learn too, okay?
How to feed him, praise him,
scold him, et cetera.
You need to be determined
to take care of him to the bitter end.
Okay.
Anyway, have you decided
on a name for him?
Anya's naming taste is hopeless...
Huh? Oh...
You should pick a simple name that is easy
to call and easy for the dog to recognize.
Apparently, dogs are not
good at understanding plosives,
so it's a good idea to use a vowel structure
that makes it easier for them
to distinguish between them.
Especially A, U, O.
This is difficult...
Understanding... plosives?
You want me to explode you?
Or maybe crush you to death?
You're so bad at understanding
my words, aren't you?
Well, you can decide
after seeing what he's like.
Dog Park!
You jump around too, Doggy!
Or else it'll be Anya Park!
Here we go, Leo!
Fetch!
All right! Let's do that!
I really can't do this
without naming you first?
Excuse me.
Hm?
What is this doggy's name?
What made you decide that?
Tell me the secret!
Don't go too far away, okay!
Your name will be
Lucky Vanilla Princess the Third!
Then General Atomic Angel Charlie!
Looks like she's having fun there.
"You need to be determined
to take care of him to the bitter end"...
That's not something I could say to myself.
When the mission is over,
the Forger family
will be relieved of its duties.
And their roles will end as well.
Of course, I mean to do
a massive cover-up after that, too...
But the terrorist attack
reminded me of this.
That this peace between
East and West is only a facade.
I shall aim to end the Cold War
as soon as possible...
...which is the best possible future.
Hey, we're going home.
It's studying time once we're home.
Shock!
Huh? Huh? What? Eh?
Where are Anya's gloves?!
Maybe you dropped them somewhere?
Those are Anya's favorites!
They're not here...
Ah, Anya's gloves!
Give them back!
It's mine now! Finders keepers!
Hey! What are you doing to my dog?!
What kind of stray dog are you?!
It's okay, mommy's here.
Thank you, Doggy!
Here is your bellyband
stolen by the League of Evil.
I have come to give it
back to you, Princess Honey.
Oh, thank you, Bondman!
It was a precious gift
from my late mother!
You're just like a Bondman!
You got these back!
You're also wearing gloves, right?
What's up?
Father!
Anya's decided on the doggy's name!
Hm?
His name will be Bond!
From Bondman, huh?
Well, it's a good name.
That tickles!
Looks like he likes it.
The collar matches him too!
All right, Bond.
Here is your first mission.
You must eat this dog food.
Don't give him too much, okay?
It's neither good nor bad...
Oh, so you want to pee?
Follow me, Bond.
Look. Here's your toilet.
If you do it somewhere else, Mother,
who loves cleanliness, might snap.
Be mindful not to get killed
and let it out here.
It was a poop. Stinks.
All right, Bond! Now we watch cartoon!
I'll show you your roots!
Hey, I told you it's studying time
when we get home, right?
Prepare your book
while I'm taking a shower, okay?
Those guys...
Loid, Loid!
Take a look!
What is it?
They got tired from playing
and fell asleep.
Wow! Is she an angel, by any chance?
I guess we'll let her off the hook today.
Let's do that.
Never ever take your eyes off the details
'Cause these adults are busy pretending
To become something they really are not
Their eyes are still barely on us
A piece of pearl can be nickel-and-dime,
if it doesn't have a story it can tell
Our lives are just made-up
spinning in the marionette
In fact, everyday we spend is a miracle,
reaching out to each other
as a matter of course
Hm, that's being warm-hearted
Is there anything lonelier
than laughing a matter away?
Even depressing nights can be colorful
And variable
There's no life which is a bad life
If you know how to pretend to be strong
But what you've been through, and the
fact that you were born cannot be erased
Your soft heart can be hurt by a badinage
But it's okay to stay being soft,
you can stay as you are
Never ever take your eyes off day-to-day
Cause these adults are busy pretending
To become something they really are not
Their eyes are still barely on us
A piece of pearl can be nickel-and-dime
if it doesn't have a story it can tell
Our lives are just made-up
Never ever take your eyes off the meaning
Cause these adults are busy pretending
To become something they really are not
Their eyes are still barely on us
A piece of pearl can be nickel-and-dime,
if it doesn't have a story it can tell
Our lives are just made-up
spinning in the marionette
(Mission: 16 - Yor's Kitchen/
The Informant's Great Romance Plan)